We observed with the Gemini/GRACES spectrograph in Hawaii 5 stars in Ultra-Faint Dwarf galaxies. Ultra-Faint Dwarfs are some of the most ancient galaxies, and they can be found in our cosmic backyard, as satellites of the Milky Way. Their stellar populations have not evolved since the first 1-2 billion years of the universe, which makes them prime targets for investigating the conditions that the first stars and galaxies formed it. By measuring the abundances of chemical elements in these stars, we can find fingerprints of very early supernovae. These galaxies are some of the most metal-poor, 

Ultra-Faint Dwarf galaxies are some of the most ancient, low-mass, and metal-poor galaxies. They contain hundreds to thousands of stars embedded in deep dark matter haloes. These galaxies stopped evolving in the first 1-2 billion years after the Big Bang, meaning they only had time for a few generations of stars to form at all. This means that the chemical element signatures of their stars contain relatively pristine fingerprints of some of the first supernova. By measuring magnesium, iron and barium, among many other elements, we can work towards understanding the evolution of stars and galaxies in the very early universe. In this paper, we report chemical abundances for newly identified stars in 3 Ultra-Faint Dwarfs, including some unexpected features that contradict findings from previous results.
 
The metal-poor stars in the Galactic bulge provide unique information on the early evolution and assembly of the  Milky Way. A chemo-dynamical analysis of 17 very metal-poor stars suggests that the majority of our stars are very similar to metal-poor stars in the Galactic halo. Orbits calculated from Gaia EDR3 imply these stars are brought into the bulge during the earliest Galactic assembly. Most of our stars show little evidence of enrichment by pair-instability supernovae. Two of our stars are compatible with second-generation globular cluster stars, suggestive of the presence of ancient and now dissolved globular clusters in the inner Galaxy. One Star supports the growing evidence for the existence of lower-metallicity globular clusters in the early Universe. A third star is consistent with formation in a system polluted by only one or a few low-mass supernovae. Interestingly, its orbit is confined to the Galactic plane, like other very metal-poor stars found in the literature, which have been associated with the earliest building blocks of the Milky Way.